feat(changelog): jobs-fixed-command-update-on-console 2025-05-14 (#4974)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/may2025/2025-05-14-jobs-fixed-command-update-on-console.mdx

---

> title: Command update on console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Startup command update on console
```

status: fixed
date: 2025-05-14
category: serverless
product: jobs
---

> Fixed an issue where, in some scenarios, modifying a Job Definition command would not save the changes, preventing users from updating their Job Definitions successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where, in some scenarios, modifying a job definition's startup command would not save the changes, preventing users from updating their job definitions successfully.
```
